Summarize Ballerina extension unreleased changelog (#2218)
wso2/vscode-extensions: workspaces/ballerina/ballerina-extension/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- **Library Project Support** — Added stronger library-project workflows in workspaces, including improved classification, creation flow updates, and publishing support.
- **BI Copilot Capabilities** — Added Copilot tools and UX features such as plan/review improvements, evaluation support, config collection, and usage insights.
- **Data Mapper Coverage** — Expanded mapper capabilities with JSON/XML handling, richer type support, and improved submapping/importable-type flows.

### Changed

- **Cloud and Dev Environment Flow** — Improved integration flows for cloud/dev environments and related extension behavior.
- **Editor & Forms UX** — Refined expression editor, type/form editors, and side-panel interactions for better consistency and usability.
- **Project & Build Tooling** — Improved test coverage and build/tooling reliability across workspace and extension modules.

### Fixed

> - **Form and Validation Stability** — Fixed many form re-render, diagnostics, mode-switch, and field validation issues across editors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Form and Validation Stability** — Fixed inconsistencies in form behavior, diagnostics, and validation across editors.
```
